what's up dynasty typewriter who wants Rob Schrobb
who wants Spencer Crittenden who wants to talk shit cuz Dan Harmon is late
here we go Harmontown is now in session
Dan Harmon is not here let's fucking do this let's find out what life is like
without that fucking piece of human garbage oh shit Dan Harmon is so late
how late is he Dan Harmon is so late that we start the show without him
yeah so we're talking backstage about
oh
if I ever ever see that smelly rat soup eating motherfucker
I'm gonna hit his ass
I kind of feel like the show doesn't even need him we don't have to do a show
it doesn't have to be called Harmontown I think it's better without him
I say I say if Dan even peers out of a curtain and says he's gonna be here
oh shit the mayor of Dan Harmon.wn is Dan Harmon
this motherfucker's late to his own
I'm late yeah yeah I'm late MC late non punctuality is my reality I'm gonna be as late as I can be
how late I'm not so late your mama's kiddies couldn't keep up with me if they
spurted enough milk how late oh I'm so late that your daddy's dick couldn't stand up to me if he had a hit
how late how late I'm said sundial fuck your mama so long she's a crocodile how early
how early can be fuck your mama so hard Louise Annie none of these rhymes make that much sense
what's your excuse for being late well I was at your mama's house doing everything I could
predictable my over driver Toby I'll be right there and then he had to dry his
hair racist took me down to the 101 and then he turned around and said let's have some fun
which up the 405 to the 308 said oh shit you're gonna be late how late late as ever
fuck your mama like a sweater all right look damn people came here from all over
the country I call I called an uber at 725 from fucking bourbon how late so late that every
clock's hand goes around every time I lost your mama's position
all right welcome to Harmontown everybody how many left what's the
clock on Harmontown how many more shows do we have before I guess four or four or five left four to go seven doesn't matter all right let's look at what do we get I guess it changes things now that you live way up in valley village
we got the oh it was everybody watching this football game there was a cat on the football field the cat came out poor cat all right look how does a cat end up on a football field so how does a cat end up on a football there's no fucking cat who brings a cat to a game there's a
good idea all right packer fan I would guess the bangles so a cat's on a football field oh I'm sorry do you do you want my input I relate for the war syllables yeah well just this is not your you've sacrificed your your titular duties
you've sacrificed your tits well careful what you wish for what so what did the cat do Dan what happened to the cat the cat walked no nothing no reaction to the word walked you guys don't have a funny
reaction to the word walked the cat walked on it walked on it walked on guys come on react I would you didn't it didn't walk in the cat walked on the the football field
I don't believe tell us your cat story Dan so it's American this is gonna be great how great
okay let's back it up why were you watching football in the first place you're not I don't think he was you're not a sporty it's just it's a TV like what is in a bar these days except mirrors and TVs like there was a thing and there was a cat on the TV
so the cats like walking across the field and there's like everyone's cheering and there's it's this black cat and I'm thinking like I don't think that that cat lives in a football arena it was very fat they were showing like close ups of the cat I had like a double chin
and like okay I bet a football fan because we know like and I respect the athletes they're very superstitious people I get that when you push yourself to the physical limits like you're gonna be superstitious I don't look down on that if it's if honestly it's you competing with God you're
superstitious like you're like I'm a linebacker there's nothing between me there's no commercial way to measure my ability no way to do it yeah like like so if your socks you know famously like athletes they're like oh I don't I only wear these socks they're very superstitious people
superstitious sailors and athletes and actors very so I would say like the odds are probably the opposing team I think that they I think that there was a stunt how does a black cat end up running onto a football field
was it fully black or did it have fully white you know totally black what city was this in what was the home stadium does anyone know the answer to that question
also the Giants versus the Cowboys was it
Steve okay so a black cat crossed the Giants meadowlands wherever the fuck that feels I just gotta imagine that would play hell with any football player worth their salt like if the game was worth anything like and that if you were an opposing team you'd be like also don't you think
there should be an arms race you'd be like you know how we get these fuckers I heard that so and so on the opposing team is like really superstitious like you should step on a crack just bring just bring your aunt Stacy's cat in a bag
you let it go you put the quarterback under a ladder
so he has to I don't think any fan gets into an arena with a cat in a bag I don't think that any cat like lives in a football arena and then ends up in the field I believe that one of those teams it isn't a jersey though the Giants play in Jersey
yeah so it's fucking Jersey baby you don't you don't know what's going to go on you just think that new Jersey Jersey baby their lax culture you don't think they're you think their football arena is more prone to have just like I don't know like fucking
okay here's what I think you said the cat was fat it was very fat how fat was he it was fat enough that it had like a perceivable double chin and that like if you're watching it and you were a cat person or even an animal person
your heart went like oh I I I heard I heard the fat was tuned cat I heard the cat was so fat that when it stands in a street corner the cops y'all break it up the cat the cat that's how fat Rob Rob how fat was that cat
it's not like it had a double chin it had a double chin yeah yeah and how do you how do you tell I didn't see the they showed like because the thing is they got so many they're like you can see it in the live moment
the cat the sports castors are so excited because the cat was like running in the end zone and so of course the sports castors are doing their job they're going like oh look at his double chuckleback like you know like like the cats like running from the people that are trying to get it out of the field and they're like oh that cats got a good quick quick change or whatever like like like they're having the time of their lives they live for this shit
he came back out dressed as a clown and but then came back out dressed as Sharon then coming back from commercial then they had all these instant replays because they go to the slo-mo footage of the cat galloping and it's it's got a little bit of saliva coming up its lips which is not quite enough for you to go oh it's a rabid cat but it was just enough like oh the cat's going under a great deal of stress like I just if the cat hadn't been overweight I would have been like fine it's like a cat that's like it's it's got its own thing
it's got its own thing going on
it was clearly a fat cat
it sounds like your cat shaman right
it had been imported into that arena
somebody got rid of that cat
somebody brought that cat in there
you looked at that cat and you're like
that cat has a name
that cat like loves
certain food
it was sad somebody fuck
somebody brought that cat in there and let it out of a box
that's a drag
that's all I want to say
do you think a fat cat
is worse luck than a skinny cat?
and I just think
that those sports people
look at all those sports people that get all excited
oh there's a cat in the field
yeah that's your invitation
don't be a sports person
go home and play with your cat
you love cats so much
isn't it delightful
oh there's a cat out there go home
stop tearing out this shit
I heard that cat
that cat was so fat
the cat was so fat
that its cat food was made by
Halliburton
there's no guest tonight folks
this is
all you got
I wrote this down in my
what do you mean no guest Rob Schrab is a guest
let's give it up for Rob Schrab
Rob what's up with that
Creep show
oh the finale
was last week
and they got picked up
for a second season and I'm hoping I can
come back for another episode
that's great
you get a second season
I didn't get a second season
I'm hoping I can come back
it's always good
that cat was so fat
how fat
was he
he became
like some sort of viral sensation
has everyone loved it
do you think in the future
I was at this bar
and I was like god damn
hey
could I charge my phone
getting below 20%
I'm in the red
bartender
yeah is that an android
no of course not
civilized human being
I'm not ready to
acquiesce to that
you're not Klingon
oh no I can't
I'm in the red
and my friend goes like it's fine
and then I was like this is like camping
it's the new camping
there will come a time when there's no wilderness left
the new camping is going below 20%
on your iPhone battery
there won't be woods anymore
you'll go out to a strip mall
and you'll have 20% battery
and you'll tell your kids
you kids do you know how to deal with
only having 20% battery
and your kids will be like
I want to be a different gender
with a USB port
and you're like you can't be a different gender
you're gonna be the gender you were born
and
you're gonna learn
to make a flashlight
with only 20% of your battery
yeah cause you gotta decide
how much candy you can crush
until you get back to the
to the power
do you think the definition of camping
will change
as we evolve as a society
do you think it'll eventually become
hey I went camping the other day
will it eventually mean
how much did you go camping
well
back in the day camping was just
that's where you lived
we graduated to
building a house outside our tent
and then moved in
when did we start calling it
homelessness
we started we became bullies
yeah
how good does your tent have to be
before people are like that's a house
I think it mad at you
start mowing the lawn
come on quit it
I made a tent and it's got a square roof
with gutters in case it rains
that's called a house
you anti camper
but then you gotta start building it
out of different materials
you can't just build your new house out of straw
if houses
if houses become made out of lasers
that just repel everything
then if you make
your house out of bricks
that'll be the new tent
it's like oh
the cub scouts will go out and everybody
make a brick with your 3D printer
now make a house
oh we used to be a nature
hoyo hoyo
it'll be all racist and shit
no I don't fucking
oh don't forget your screen door
then you get your badge for being a
Navajo
it'll all be downgraded
no I agree
okay thank you good it's good to be on the same page once in a while
speaking of housing
and tents and what not
have you got in your giant castle
do you have furniture yet
not really
you're kind of well you're
sleeping on an air mattress it's kind of like
it's not air mattress no we got a mattress
in a box frame but we don't have a bed frame
a mattress
instead of a mat...ter
a matador
that's the old days
before Oprah at the Oscars
a matrix
time's up no more matadors
you're sleeping on mattresses
Steve Levy
oh boy
vodka bearer
looking good
looking real fucking good
I planned my estate today
looking real good
why does he wait to bring the vodka out
why is that a reveal
we're pacing the show
I planned my estate today
yeah
like what the book told you to do last week
that's right
how much weight should I give death in my life
the answer is as much as it earns
I'm sorry Dan I missed that you did what to your estate
I planned it
you did what to your estate
I told that estate hey motherfucker
I'm gonna fucking plan you
then I'm gonna take you I'm gonna double suplex you
you heard me estate I'm coming to get you
I'm Ricky the nature man
hey estate you think you can have me
I'm gonna have you I'm gonna bequeath you
I'm gonna take you from the top ropes
it's me the decedent
Dan Harmon the decedent's gonna take you
I'm gonna come up from the front I'm gonna bend you in half
hey estate
I'm gonna plan you
I'm gonna put you in a trust
I'm gonna deduct your
exemptions
what's the difference between
like planning your estate and just
having a will is that it's the same
it's the same
it's a little confusing
the will
a will is
kind of
governmental
everybody has
the right to have a will
I'm not sure about wills
like
trust
this sounds like a real will they won't they
I know
in terms of like coding
thank you trust
four more shows left
trust supersede wills
so your will
like when you die it's sort of a
court based thing so there's
there's no need to fuck with a trust
unless somebody like
raises a ruckus and goes
like you know you see it famously
like when what's your name
playmate lady
you know had a reality show
what was her name
correct and Nicole Smith
like it's a classic case
like somebody's like
oh the husband leaves everything
to her but then the family will
contest the will because it's
like open to be contested but if there's
a strong enough trust
like there's nothing can be
contested trusts are
like they're more iron clad
they're done with people that like
fucking stamp the shit and it's done
and like no court's gonna like overrule them
so as long as everything's in order
so you know are we
getting a piece of that action
I Schrab is
if
like what
what but only
if Cody and I die in the same bus
okay okay no and
don't tell Rob that don't tell Rob that
no no no but Schrab
he's gonna rent you a fucking bus
but if Cody and I
die together
Schrab has to deal with so much
uh
Schrab becomes a trustee
he has to deal with so much
prison reform and autism
you don't even want to
it'll be me laughing at you from the grade
I get it I get it
make sure those guys don't suffer too much
thanks
have fun with my money you fucking
slob
that's good
that's a good bit you know
you're allowed to refuse
I said to the lady I'm like can you just name
any yahoo your trustee
can I just see a dude on the sidewalk
and be like that's my trustee
like Sylvester Stallone and rhinestone cowboy
like you're just like that guy
and she's like yeah you can
but then he has a right to refuse it
but you could just like pick somebody out go
that's my trustee I want my trustee to be
piven
and like he might not refuse
you could just like use your will
you could be like I want Jeremy
piven to like
do you get like a book of like what you're supposed to do
or do they just like okay
you can do anything I mean a trust is basically
it's like coding like you can program
anything you want and it's
you're not allowed to for instance
tell people to do anything illegal
you can't obviously say
I leave
Rob but only if he kills Spencer
you
but then again you don't just get the million
dollars like they'll
just say well you don't get the million dollars
but you don't have to kill Spencer
they're like if you kill Spencer you go to jail
like I can't
I can't supersede the law
but I can make you do
stuff for money
Rob I can
say you have to spend
ten million dollars in forty eight hours
it's weird
the other thing that's weird is like this whole thing
of exemption so there's this thing called the
estate tax
and
it's like right now
apparently courtesy of Trump
it's like double what it was
which is comical because what it was
was like six million or
five million dollars
it's like that's the number that if
that's what you're worth when you die
none of your shit is taxed
that you're bequeathing
but if now
because of Trump it's doubled
ooh score one for rich people
like what
but like so
now it's like currently it's like
eleven point four million dollars
if you die and you're worth less than that
you don't have to worry about forty percent of your money
getting taken if you die
with eleven point three nine million
dollars it's all good man
give it to whoever you want none of it's taxed
eleven point four million dollars
boom forty percent
right to the government as you go
like I don't care I'm liberal I gave my money
half of my money away when I was alive
who cares but you think about Cody
right if I die I want Cody
to be set up I don't want Cody to find out
almost half of all the shit
like is gone
so then they go like oh here's how that works
you put it in this box and you put it in that box
and you put it in that box it's so weird
it almost seems like
like senators
like lawmakers
they must like campaign
and then get poor people's votes by going like
and here's another thing
if I'm elected I'm gonna make
rich people like when they
die they're gonna have to give half their money away
and then everyone's like that's an easy thing
to root for I'm never gonna have that much money
cause fuck rich people
and then it's cool
I get that it makes sense
you vote for that person that person gets a
chair and like the congress
and but the thing is
then
like it's just like
this whole system of lawyers and
accountants and things underneath are like
yeah but how are we really gonna deal with that
and the answer is well the definition
of this is that and it just like
it just all settles anyway
it's like you can't actually create
revolution through anything
goodnight folks
I just found that by like
like my this person was like
cause I'm panicking now
I gotta make sure
Mike Mandel was
healthier than me
and I don't even know
what like I hope his house was in order
but like
my god if there was ever a sign
it's like you gotta get your shit in order
like make sure that tomorrow god
forbid something happens to you
like god damn it make sure everything
don't let your last thought be
oh my god Cody's gonna get kicked out of her house
um
and uh and so like
you I just like and then you
go in and you're like learning about this whole
tron escape of like how your
money gets divided
and it's just creepy and weird
I don't understand our species I think we're fucking
dumb
I think we're vile people
I don't think we ever do anything
in good faith I think we're kind of like
shitty animals
that have been cursed with sentience
yeah that's probably it
I think you're
I think you're totally right
we're shitty animals that
that
that know we're gonna die someday
yeah I mean that's it
we call that intelligence
like we go like
hey how come dogs are so dumb
don't they know they're gonna die?
dummy like well how much
smarter are they if they know they're gonna die
they'd be writing books
yeah
they'd certainly be worse at fetch
they'd be like alright I brought you the ball back
yeah but what's in it for me
I need to go climb dog Everest
I'm gonna paint a picture
I'm gonna lay in the sun
and I'm gonna fucking shit on myself
I heard heard about this Hawaii
hey Dan did you know Spencer Rob
that I ran into a couple people today
or over the last couple days that people
have flown from all over the
country to like to be here
like prove it
Jersey where else
Texas
Jersey, Texas, Oklahoma
Florida
Beowulf's not a state
just yelling out your home
Montana
Montana, dear heavens
sorry this is electricity don't be
afraid
Billings where you from
Bozeman well done
who came the father
Australia
but you didn't come here for this
you came probably for like to do fun things
get up here
well the Australian didn't
necessarily
yay
alright what's your name madam
omnia
we've met before don't worry
about it
I don't
you were very drunk
you were very unmemorable
oh shit
how unmemorable is she
welcome to America
this is insane
like this podcast has been a part of my life
since it started
it's insane
is your mic on by the way
should I try this one
I'm sure it's not
by the way I heard the podcast last time
I think the second one works
it was going fine but like one of the mics
like the monitors are on
there we go hey
but the thing is they're both on
I noticed that listening to them so you're good
but
you seem very young
23 on this trip
so if you've been like
since childhood
you've been following the podcast
you're like a Harmontown baby
well I'm a community baby
I was a fan of community
around about when it started and then
I became a fan of the podcast the moment it started
and I got to see it when I was at Nerdmelt which was huge
for me
and then it's kind of weird now
I'm kind of shaking a little bit it's awesome
I go to sleep to this podcast every night
like no cap
so do I
ahhhh
how is that
joke not
it took 8 years for that joke to
it's like such a classic
Carson
I go to sleep to this podcast
me and both brother
go on
I was just saying it's like
it's a parasocial thing
it's like I know you guys even though I don't know
you guys
the fact that I came to the show last week
because while we were here I thought
I came here specifically for this
I tried to make it so I got two in
just because we can only do two weeks
so I tried to get it so we came to do so I was there
last week and I'm here this week
and I'm so glad I got Schrab both times
this is the best
fuck yeah
double Schrab
you're gonna get those Schrab episodes I get it
the iconic ones
all the way
yeah I get it
yeah
some people like me
I left you all my money
if Cody dies
you only have to share it with all
autistic people and prisoners
Omnia you're just simply on a
little holiday here
yeah it was my birthday and I knew
Harmontown was ending so I had to
get my final trip to Mecca
in kind of thing
but also not
I flew from London but I'm from Cambridge
actually alright that's fancy
it sounds like
did you go to school there? are you on
Oxford? no I'm a local
I could have gone but
right yeah
do you're 23 now you said? I am yeah
what's it like to be a 23 year old
European
do you mean a taste of that life?
well
are you a Washington student with loans or
no I skipped all of that
I just went into being
self-employed and making my own
art and stuff
musician
how does that work are you comfortable doing that?
well I mean
I'm having a bit of a yearly crisis of
confidence right now so comfortable
I'm not quite sure
I learned
for a path right now with the internet
it seems like everything's got easier
but actually
especially because I didn't go to uni
it's gotten much harder and as a 23 year old
I'm right between the millennials
that have been dealt a hard
hand and the Gen Z's
who basically have no idea what they're doing
so I'm kind of right in the middle
of that limbo
yeah what's your
what is your dream gig
to be a musician
are you a singer?
singer, songwriter, producer
Gen Z we've got to be everything
you've got to be your marketer
you've got to be a YouTuber
you've got to do your Instagram
you've got to produce your music
write your own music so I do all of that
they're going to call you guys the
aerosol generation
you've got to be diversified
you've got to be scattered across the
because you've got to be guarded against
everybody we used to joke when I was
your age it was like
obviously they're never going to replace
writers so we're safe
it's really not really
it's like
no I don't think so
well the thing is is that
the next Dan Harmon
is going to be a robot
well maybe the next next
Dan Harmon
but the next Dan Harmon the person that's coming up behind you
is making YouTube videos where they're also
doing the whole saying and they're also
sourcing the location and they're sourcing
their own kind of outfits
and makeup and hair and they're doing
the whole production just to get a foot
in the door
that's what Dan did though
exactly and I think we have more of
an outlet but like
maybe it just seems like this way to us
so you can correct me and I will
as a European I will bow to your better wisdom
but
for us it seems like
if you guys it was simple
you kind of got your
thing like you did something
that got a little bit of buzz
and then maybe you got an agent or you got someone that was going to
kind of help you get in a couple more doors
and then there was just the progression
where you do one thing gets better
for us it feels like you get that one viral moment
or you get that one successful thing and it goes away for 10 years
again maybe that's not new
I will pitch you something
as an armchair biologist
I
look at it as like
a reversal of how
biology developed where
it when you have
capillary
tissue arteries and things
like you have channels that shoot
you from point A to point B
so then you have things like privilege like
oh you're born white and you're born in this
neighborhood you're born in this class
system and you're like it's easier
for you to shoot up to these like
branching trees of like
you end up in the writer's room you're getting Gary's
Chandling sandwiches and you end up like being a writer
at things and that
comparatively today
what you have is more of a sponge
it's like
so it's like almost like because
the way that that stuff evolved was like
you start with moss and moss
is like growing on a rock and it didn't have
they were
I've been lost I'm so sorry
well it's just like the idea that there's
Omnia pay attention it's about Gary's
sandwiches
I have no idea
exactly
that doesn't matter that part doesn't matter
okay no I'm this thing I'm this thing
but I'm saying like in terms of biology
like if you fast
forward from moss
to trees to humans
the key element
is like the increasing
sophistication of channels
by which you're like delivering nutrients
from the earth to like these
upper parts
four more shows to go you guys
if you go
backwards you end up with just like this
sponge shit on a rock
and you're
you're reliant on just getting
splashed with water
I think that's what millennials are
and certainly Gen Zers
and Gen Gooby Goobers
or whatever that there's
fame is just fucking
YouTube is just like
everyone's famous
fuck everyone
and everyone's just like subscribe and like
and subscribe and like
and it's like you can't
you have no recourse to individuality
you have no recourse to
being like subversive
like subversive are you kidding you'd be
fucking checked in a second are you kidding me
you fucking have a subversive opinion
fuck you fuck you fuck you
not even just subversive opinion but like
if you do anything that's not gonna get a
paid audience you're screwed
and they fucked us
the corporations have succeeded
in reverse evolutionizing
the youth so that
they're in charge of the
seawater and all the humanity
is now moss
no one's gonna grow up above the
skyline no one's gonna fucking
make their own biosphere
she gets it you don't
I know I get it I get it
I think what you're trying to say
it's waiting it's all of
it's now kind of it's not as connected
anymore so it's all just happening randomly
and you're waiting for that rainfall
I warned kids about this
at a million media conferences
they go they summoned me to these
things they used to before I got me too
they'd be like Dan Harmon come
you and Russell Simmons
and Norman Lear and fucking Jay Leno
come sit on this table in Miami
and fucking talk about the future of media
with the CEO of Heinz Ketchup and Howie Mandel
and
and I'd be like okay
I'll do that and then like there'd be this
kid and I have a cooking show on YouTube and he'd be like
bro why should I have to be in this table
when the truth is on Vine
I could have a million hits before I walk out
of this room and I'd be like
bro the reason is because your antenna
is built out of ones and zeroes
by a fucking corporation and they're gonna pull
the rug out from under you
and you're dependent like right now
the biggest most
the most
democratic of the platforms
is YouTube and
it's awful because
every five minutes something gets pulled
they're converting everything
to this labor intensive thing
they don't want any
individual to have power
they reward
popularity
for the same reason that we did in
high school which is that it's like this human impulse
to go actually the least
remarkable the most
average you need the dough
and like the most smooth
fucking most
cockazoid fucking average thing
like who's the least offensive
wow
and let that rise to the top
but then let that fall because it's mediocre
so it will fall don't let anything
shoot up and create a stalagmite
don't let anything actually affect
the skyline because
I mean I'm 23 and I'm finding
myself having the same cynicism
as people that are
much older than me because I'm just kind of going
that sounds like the person that made that single last year
but they're all different people but they all kind of look the same
and that's probably me just kind of being a bit of
a judgmental artist but I do
feel like it's becoming homogenous and you
can unless you play that game
it's like you've got the people that
really stand by you and the rest is kind of just a soup
I wish I had advice for kids your age
I kind of like I have this
urge to say to kids your age like I'm like
but I don't think this is good advice
but I have this urge to say to you guys
put your money into
infrastructure digitally
put your money into servers
put your money into creating your own antenna
don't rely on Google
and corporations that present you
with these platforms. Why do you think that's good advice?
That's really good advice. Well because the truth
is
Mickey Mouse was supposed to be public domain
a couple years ago and they fuck it
they'll change the rules on you as quick as can be
so I can't advise you
to go like you should
keep all your money in your mattress I can't tell
you that because they will make mattresses
we won't buy all the mattresses
they'll say that's federal that's
imminent domain like you're mad what you sleep
on that well
and then you'll be like Dan you told me to put
all my money in my mattress I'll be like sorry
no I get exactly I get it I get it
but what I want to say to you kids
is like defy
don't let these corporations trick
you by virtue of their access
they keep selling you kids
they keep going like hey it's
this app it's that app and like
you can do whatever you want
you can say whatever you want but you notice the news
is tightening like they
they always maintain
control they own everything that you
do I don't
know what to tell you though because
for you to like invest your money
in a fucking server
there's no recourse
if you have no money at all what if you're
exactly like I would never tell you like
seven dollars all of us have
like the best option
yeah can I give you some advice
plan your estate right now
it's never too early
my harm in turn subscription
well that'll
have you ever got anything pulled down
sorry have you ever you said
luckily well god yes
what happened is so to
try and catch the algorithm
I did covers of other people's
songs they were fine because
I didn't monetize them but youtube said
you're spamming which I wasn't
it was just regular like normal
posting and they
took away my monetization on my original videos
as well as all the rest of it
yeah but I don't make that much
money from it anyway I'm like basically
Obama I don't make any money
from my online stuff because
Obama
thanks Obama
I'm kidding but
but can I just
change tack pretty quickly because it's been in
my head literally for the whole
of this show
the whole not just this show but like the whole time
I've been listening to this show and this is going to sound
really out of the blue and I may be the only person thinking
this and I get to say this because I'm British
and I'm black
shit oh my god
let me make a couple predictions
cheers
I don't know
blood
it needs to be remarked that
and I may
just be speaking for myself I think you're too harsh on yourself
when you're talking about all of these issues
British and black people are telling me that
holy fuck
there is what we finally fucking figured out
that's like a vice
grip of self-esteem like
squeezing me right in the center
I'll be specific it's on issues
where you are like worried about
how
moral you are or how like
woke you are and I think sometimes
you worry too much you are not
on that side of the spectrum
just because
it's fancy to say that every
white guy is on that side of the spectrum
like you are surprisingly woke
for your circumstances
and we need
people like that on the team
hi
we need you on the team
yeah I'm not
secretly thinking to myself as I go home
god damn it I'm Joe Rogan again
like I know that I'm left
of everything productive
but that's
I think it's only fair for me to say
that Dan paid Omnia to come here
tonight
I wish I could use the one
no I'm kidding
to give her money to buy her server
which I would not know how to use but the reason I
say it is not because I think that you think
you're right of center but that I think
I mean again
if you listen to everything that Obama said this week
it makes sense in context
he was saying like it doesn't help
to kick people out the team that mean well
and y'all mean well
and so you're part of the team
and yeah every now and then we're going to go
okay that wasn't great
but it's better that
than oh Nazi like
you don't have to do all of that
sidelining all of the time it can be
a group effort and mood for it together
we don't perceive me as somebody who's like
I think I've been pretty vocal about the fact that
we need to definitely forgive the ignorant
yeah but I think that
the
I can't even remember what the specific context
was but at the time
there was a situation where you were kind
of worried that or maybe I misinterpreted
that you were worried that
all of these ignorant people
that are ignorant for the sake of being ignorant
they're not ignorant because they actually
want to learn are we forgive
all of them it's there is
a very small line and distinction
and I think because
maybe I'm online a bit more I see it more
that there are there's a difference
between forgiving everybody
that's ignorant and forgiving those that are
operating good faith
and so when you sympathize with the people
that aren't operating in good faith they're not
then not on the team but again I've taken
this in a completely political direction I didn't
right but I want to make sure you I mean
you
I totally agree with you
and like I do you think
because I feel like that's
that's the position that I'm in
like I'm like I gosh I wish
I wish that we weren't
so hard on each other
because by each other
I include like people
who are like they don't know if someone's
like five years off a
Twitter and they don't know that
they're supposed to say this instead of that
right dog pile them
like I find myself
saying the same thing
that a piece of shit might say
however
for the better reason which is like
guys we can't
tear each other apart
so like I don't know
this is British black girl stamp of approval in that opinion
just in case you needed it
but you probably didn't because Brandon also
is on this list
here's some advice you can give me as a British
black girl I think because
like I feel
as British
and black as a white
American can feel which is that
I feel like
I gotta
we'll be right back
this is blue apron
has a few words to say
I really do hope we
cut through me on this ad right there
in that I just feel like
I am so
and I cop to this where I'm like
unaccustomed to strife
and confusion that
I just like
I've bailed and that
like I think you could speak to
where you're like you're British
and you're black and you're a woman
like I think if you could probably
talk some sense into me because I'm like
this is fucking hard
when you're getting it from all sides
right because I feel like
if I advocate for
hey everybody should be allowed
to say whatever the fuck they want
it's like I just I always feel
caught in the middle of everything
I feel like
listen to you on any of that
like if you were to Francis tell me
grow the fuck up you're 46
like suck it up
I mean first of all anything that you're
feeling is valid because it's 2019
anything you're feeling is valid
you're not invited to the conversation
listen but no
what I was gonna say is like
it's down to kind of
you have to start from a place of
listen life
how how will we even hear
and you go into the full philosophical thing of
we're on this planet and we're only here
for a certain amount of time so
how are we gonna make this as good for everyone
as we can how are we gonna make
this as pleasant for everyone as we can and how are we
gonna be fair to everyone historically
and moving forward once you think of everything
in that macro sense this
micro stuff
contextualizes so if you're
feeling it like it's happening and it's coming
from all sides it's like really really intense
take a step back and think
of like the overall movement we're trying to
make you're advocating
for a thing that looks like long ago
in this podcast when I was going on tour I was
like we need a code we need an algorithm
we need a simple algorithm
that we can fall back
on in any situation of conflict where we go
wait wait a minute alright I'm getting my tempers
up my politics are getting in the way
all those micro stuff but like let me fall
back and go for instance
is there a human being hurt right now
yeah that kind of thing
we need a code
for instance the reason I find the green new deal
to be the best set of policies
that have been put together for
climate change is that it takes into account
historical ways of taking care
of the planet peoples that have been wronged
like all of that stuff needs to be
part of the conversation
while we move forward like everything has
to take in history everything has to take
in people that hurt now people hurt in the
past people hurt maybe even by things in
the future and I know it's a very happy to
be aware of doing things but I just feel like
if you come from a place of like
love for one another and also
just kind of
just acknowledging everybody and I think
it's tough to do when
people are refusing to do
the same thing it's tough to
stay very kind of
open heart and stuff for
people but as long as you're operating
from that on a macro scale
when the Nazis come out you know that
they are the Nazis
and we move together
right and I mean
I'm not sure how helpful that is
and you know who you are
they were clapping everybody
you're all Nazis you were clapping
because you love your name being mentioned
no that's very helpful
you said you don't know how helpful that is
it's incredibly helpful look you don't know how lost
I feel sometimes and I feel like I'm 46
and I don't suck my thumb about it anymore
that's part of my struggle too is like
you're 46 you're not allowed to suck your thumb
it's like I'm not allowed to be a baby anymore
that's not inspiring
like Garrison Keeler
he has an obligation
to be 85 years old
and go like
peep-bop-roo-bop-roo-bop-pie
like I can't
this podcast was found for me
can you explain to me who Garrison Keeler is
I don't know who Garrison Keeler is
ask your parents
hopefully one of your parents
is American I don't know
but it's an old guy
that did a show for a thousand years
and it was funny
in 1930 and then he
slowly turned thousand
and then he got me too to anyway
there is no guard against it
historical wrongs
there is no
I just don't want to be that guy
I started this
podcast from a standpoint of
the joy of going
baby I'm crying out
and the world has shifted
under my feet like it's not
it's not right and it's not charismatic
to be the baby
that I was five years ago
and that is a credit to the world that we live in
an absolute credit
do you think then that's part of the reason why this is going away
when you said I want this to stop
yes because I don't think that it is
appropriate to
go
it's hard to beat me I don't find that
it doesn't matter whether it's right or wrong
objectively I don't
feel right
doing it anymore
I don't like it it doesn't come out
of my throat with the
same beautiful
Hershey's syrupy
sweetness that it did when I was
35 is there a purpose to the show
aside from going wha wha wha
there could be something to it
I've tried going down that aisle in my mind
where I'm like let me signal boost
this socialist and this fucking charity
and all these things and it's kind of like fumbled
there's a socialist over there
I
I you know
thank you for coming Bernie
I think there's a million versions
I just you know I need to hit the bench
and think about it
also we thought this show I never thought this show
was going to go longer than like a couple weeks
it's been amazing
the fact that I just wouldn't die
and went on for how many years
seven years
like it's like it nothing has to
last forever and it's
like
but whatever
it becomes afterwards will be something else
I think it's an amazing thing to say
there's a new show I'm pitching called Omnia Town
where Omnia is the host of the show
the population of the public
I mean because we're all trying to do everything
I also already have a podcast
no one listens to it but I have a podcast
what is your podcast you want to plug it real quick
I'm sure it's called Nerd U
I just review like movie stuff and TV stuff
and nerd U
I just covered I'm about to cover
I went to London Film Festival
and watched a bunch of movies in advance
everyone go see JoJo Rabbit
Omnia would it be too much
of an onus on you to put
like Dan you got your little musical thing
over there and we got beats up there
can you do some of your music
and maybe Dan like adds into it
we'll put that shit on
YouTube and we'll fucking boost that shit like crazy
okay
I mean Dan could rap
and then you could do the break
okay also
and before that do you want to shout out
do you have a YouTube channel that you want to do
I do it's just my name U-M-N-I-A
Omnia it's Omnia
I've been spelling it wrong on my notebook
Omnia U-M-N-I-A
okay that's my mom
oh your mom
your mom
hello mom
my mom the only person in the world
cool with me
come on
oh shit
they're gonna do a duet
I can't believe this
she's wearing a very dazzling outfit
am I even alive right now
am I even living right now
this is insane
oh my god what is happening
this is what
she's a British mom
that accent coming from the audience
she shouted at clearly
I was like one of your tracks
it's one of my songs
it's like
my American
instinct was like mom shut up
and I was like god damn if my mom was James Bond
I'm fine with it
Omnia what is your name
Omnia
Sarah
I don't think this is working
it's not
Schrab doesn't need a mic
my voice carries
that one doesn't work
it does now
I'll take this one
you said your name was Sarah
my name is Sarah but actually everybody calls me Omnia
oh shit
I'm gonna go home
and listen to this on Spotify
and it's gonna have me and my mom on it
we're on Spotify
holy shit
that is so
it's British Spotify
it's Sputify with a U
yeah
it just got popping in the UK
did you guys get to Spotify
forget it
anyway people call her mom
that's crazy
Sarah how do you feel about
first of all
what your life is
are you still living in Cambridge
we live in Cambridge
I am the amazingly gifted
mom
sorry you can tell I don't do this
not from the jacket
pretty sure it feels like you just came from
three different shows
reader
how can you tell Dan
you are fantastic
but no I'm blessed with two amazing girls
Omnia is my eldest
she's our
musician and actress
and she's insanely talented
and the song that I shouted out
well she has a few that are amazing
but that particular one
is really good
are you a musician too Sarah
does that mean she is
she is the most
amazing jazz singer
oh my god
and it's where I get it from
that's not what I do for a living
but you have that gift in you
yes
this is complicated
I'd love to say it's a gift
I would just say it's a thing
it's always been a thing
it's like Marvel movie shit
I've never pursued that
you've never been show busy
I've done gigs I've worked with bands
but it's not my day job
so you are a showbiz
just a little
it's like John Wick crazy shit
like you're like oh my
it's not for me I raise a daughter
and there's like buried under concrete
it's like a microphone and a
stand up bass and she has to like
chisel it open and it's like
but it's because there is no time
because my full
my daytime job is a doctor
so there is no time
you're a superhero
you're like I could have been a jazz musician
but I had to be a doctor
not just any old doctor
she's a pediatrician
she takes care of kids
now
Umnia
did your musical
is that a chip off her block
oh god yes I mean
you grow up with someone that loves music
and you're gonna yeah
what was the music that you played
Sarah what was the music that Umnia
grew up around like what did you play
she grew up with Prince number one
yeah you love to see it
so Prince when they were little
I mean like really little
can you imagine like Prince
even when they needed to like nobody was going to go to sleep
and everybody was six would be in the car
or when they would be sick tiny little babies
in their in their sort of seats
and would be blaring Prince up and down the highway
even the dirty stuff
yeah
his lyrics are pretty frisky
darling Nicky
that early frisky stuff
you don't understand when your four months old
you don't right so it was okay
so windows would be down
sunroof down and we'd just fly
on sort of the little country roads
in Cambridge trying to get a baby to sleep
with Prince on and it worked
and it worked
what's your vocal range like who do you
where would your vocal quality fall
like who's a like
Diana Washington
no way because she's the greatest
well thank you thank you
not but I try
just like what's a good Diana Washington song
I
what a difference is Diana
anytime we have a date
but I love him
yes it's
that's Louis Jordan
but Diana is a good job with that
that's the song I grew up on and she used to sing at her gigs
and relax max you is
so it's you ain't my baby
go
go no keep
me
the way you acting lately
makes me down
oh you are good
use is still my baby
sing with me
no listen my memory is rotting
my baby baby
baby keep going
seems my fame in your heart
don't go now
a man is a creature
that has always been
strange just when you're sure
you'll find he's gone
and made a change
hey
oh is you ain't
my baby
okay I'm really done now because I'm shaking too
oh shit
hey don't want them
babies
coming round the bend
get it
everybody wants them babies
coming round the bend
don't want them
babies
coming out of me
everybody's
babies
are gonna be free
only three shows left everybody
only three shows
I'm gonna miss this show so much
I'm sorry
I'm so confused
you said you were having confidence problems
this year and you do not
strike me as an unconfident person
something about this show
feels like home I've been having a really rough year
but you know
both of you
identical
from where I'm sitting you're so beautifully the same
mother and daughter is beautiful
and also I feel like there are certain people
that are born with microphones in their hand
and I think you're probably more confident
if you have a vehicle
and Sarah for sure
and me
you hold
and I
grew older and replaced
a mic with a drink
alright
it's not about me
but the fact like holding a microphone
when you have a voice like that
it must be fun just to let that out
that's why showers were built
so you can sing in them and the acoustics
and the other thing
yeah I mean
yeah
I don't even use the water I just sing
just get in there the acoustics
do you often sing together
like around the house
around the house yes
yes we do
because we're all quite close as a family
so we tend to finish off each other's sentences
and we do that
yeah
that was good fun though
and we'll do that with songs
so somebody will walk into the room singing
a phrase and we'll just pick it up
for example
what's your favorite
what's your favorite print song
like if you walk around the house
and you wanted to just pipe up on a print song
well it depends whether I want to sing it
or whether I want to hear it
Thundar is one of my favorites
I love diamonds and pearls
you know
his late diamonds and pearls
no no
I'm trying to make this show great
by you singing
summer time for you then
hell yeah
oh this holiday
has been the best holiday
I'm sorry Sarah we're just out of time
bye
no please please do
okay
which version
gosh I don't know
Pearl Bailey maybe
I'd say maybe I don't know
maybe Billie Ella
but I'm not that no no no no
no but you're doing it I'll allow you
yes keep your expectations low
no lay it on a set
to travel visa
and I don't want to get chucked out
yeah
okay
summer time
and the living is
easy
dim fish is jumping
and the coffin
is high
your daddy
he's rich
no he wasn't
and your mama's good looking
yes she is
she sure is
so hush
little baby
don't
you
cry
one
of these mornings
you're gonna wake up
smiling
and you're gonna spread
your wings
and you're gonna
play to the sky
I
thank you
but till that
morning
I
miss something
I'm so sorry for my audience
I'm sorry
the white people are counting on one and three
and that fucks the whole thing up
one of these mornings
you're gonna
wake up smiling
I'll try and guide you
and you'll spread your wings
and
you'll take to
the sky
but till that morning
there ain't nothing can harm you
with mommy
and daddy
standing by
yeah
summertime
you have no idea how happy that makes me
you have no idea how happy this makes me
I haven't sang with mom jazz
for so long
how happy does it make you
but
this mom like
I don't have this kind of relationship
with like I don't get this as
mom do you think you kind of
bury your
are you a PhD
I'm an MD
is that better than a PhD
she has a PhD
which allows her to be an MD
a PhD means you aren't a doctor
and an MD means you are a doctor
yeah
PhD is like an ornamental
so
there's no shade
fuck you PhD
Sarah said it first
it's doctor ret
it's just the terminology
so when you become an MD
you become a doctor
which is like a clinician doctor
and then if you want to do some extra research
whether you are already an MD
or whether you're anyone else
who does sort of extra super research
then you become a PhD doctor doctor
if you're a PhD and an MD
then you're a double doctor
but in any case is singing
like a thing that you
what's the relationship between you
and your daughter and singing
are you known as the singing doctor
wouldn't that be great
no
are you sort of like
a patient called her Mary Poppins though
she has a big doctor bag
and she had this hat that used to collapse
so she was like proper Mary Poppins
are you
a person that went through a lot of hardship
and you're like man
if singing was a thing that could
support a family then god damn it
I'd do it but actually
I think I'll use
my brain and I gotta raise my daughter up
and then your daughter has a proclivity
for that and you're like go girl
go
but she's looking at you and going
why didn't you go girl go
and you're like
go girl go
do you know
well in a way
you kind of read me
but not a hundred percent
so my family
my father was also a doctor
but very traditional
so this idea of doing anything
but medicine was like
oh no
and so even though my mother was musical
and I was musical
there was no way that was gonna happen
but it did because you know
when you're a teenager you don't listen to anybody
and so it did
and it even did after I graduated
but they weren't ever part of that part of me
and so when
this little one at the age of three months
was literally
mimicking my singing
so I'd be vacuuming around her cot
and she'd be singing
she'd be humming
what I was singing
and my husband would say
you know the child is singing
and so that happened
from the age of kind of three months
onwards and so when she said
that was what I want to do
I said you go girl
Sarah
oh yeah sorry
I'm a lucky kid I'm a lucky kid
not everybody knows how to do that
how old was Zomnia when
you guys could harmonize together
was that something she had to learn
that was just an innate skill
and it just turned out one day
literally turned out one day so I'd be singing
and suddenly I heard this
incredible harmonic
sort of response
and she's been like that ever since
and I think I developed it later
so as I sang jazz
it was when I sort of hit my mid 40s
that I could riff or I could
improvise this child
has been doing it since she was
pretty much vocal
but really harmonizing no big deal
like
Jeff like give me a note
I'll harmonize with it
who
that's a scale somewhere
some scale
some scale has that in it
I'm going to
a walk up
I'm going to graduate a little bit
I'm going to go
and this is
the
and
he's got it
I mean it's really no big deal
I don't mean to take anything away from
your relationship but honestly
harmony
if Harmontown doesn't need service at all
it's 2G mystify innate
challenge
I've never
understood harmony for real though
I've never gotten that
the idea of harmonizing I don't get that
there's all these
notes and then there's notes that fit together nicely
there's notes that fit together poorly
by all of these you mean 8
there's 8
there's 12
there's 12 on it
there's 13
there's like a 1 3 5
like a 1
3 5
1 2 2
you haven't got this
alright
I'll do a note
Sarah add a note
Umnia add a note and then Dan
I want you to lay a sexy jazzy note on top of it
me?
yes
I'd be honored
um
you loved
all right though with that
I'll give you
that made it seem
hey, not a thing
now Dan you start
alright me start
You better fall in.
Ah.
Yeah.
See?
I did it.
OK, now start from Spencer and go all the way
through the whole stage here, from stage right to stage left.
Ah.
Was this?
I'm sorry.
I can do it for real.
But I just did it.
Just a nice, easy, just saying nice, soft, single tone.
Is there any guidance when he lays a down, harmonized?
You gotta harmonize.
Yep.
All right.
Wait.
It's in your name.
Our next show is called Harmonized Town.
I'm gonna do it for real.
Sorry.
All right.
Just sustain it.
Uh.
Sorry.
Yeah, sorry.
Start over.
That actually would have been kind of a jazzy note.
I don't wanna fuck up these guys.
Dan, Dan, he could sing his name.
Then it'll be easier to hold the note.
Yeah.
Who, me?
What do you mean?
Hi.
If you sing your name, it's easier to hold the note.
Spencer.
Dan.
Could you?
Yeah.
Dan.
Nicksky.
Nick.
Dick.
Yeah.
Nick.
thing it's like oh I know that yeah I know myself yeah oh my god that's like
people that say they can't sing I'm a firm believer in a friend of mine
Michael Pollock taught me or like I grew up musically and like I could always
sing and I grew up in a very musical family kind of in a he said everybody
can sing but people have been talked out of singing at a young age yes people
that say I can't sing some asshole relative yes told you at a birthday party
that you should not sing correct or your auntie or your grandma it's called
sing shaming yeah but everybody everybody can sing happy birthday
everybody can whistle maybe you have some like the thing with your mouth that
you can't but like but people going happy birthday everybody can do it yeah
and you've been talked out of singing and talked out of the fact that we can all
share a tune yeah and I think that's so cool to grow up in a family like my
mother thought she couldn't sing my dad was just too stoic and didn't really
sing but like they put me in the theater and stuff like that so I was always
around like musical people yeah but when they would leave the house I would put
on Duke Ellington records and Sinatra and Gershwin and Nat King Cole and I
would just like I thought it'd be important one day to know all that stuff
and you know why Jeff because it's important to oh it's important you
guys we open in three nights hey hey hey I I did I did interrupt right now but
I'm interrupting with the microphone coming down
45 degrees Spencer that's not a note it's a no it's a note I'm not okay
Spencer might be the like Spencer it's funny that's not an easy one you want
to one syllable open vowel sounds Spencer's a little difficult my mom said
everyone could sing or dance but no one could do both and I think that's true I
think that bears out yeah I take that front of stare
could she do either Spencer yeah yeah which one she could sing okay but not
dance no she was she took the world with her she did learn how to dance yeah
yeah we're kind of dance like ballroom yeah ballroom swing sir what let's all
these men let's all harmonize well how about this okay how about this let's do
this here's an experiment this might be a total disaster
umnia and Sarah to start you umnia you go Sarah you go and then the audience
finds it as one where you spent Dan we lay off this one okay so it's gonna go
umnia Sarah so I say my name or should I just pick a note I let's let's Spencer
sorry sorry I fucked it up umnia Spencer okay Sarah everyone's right
everyone just say Sarah Sarah you're gonna sit Sarah and then they're all
gonna say Sarah oh everyone's saying Sarah Sarah and then y'all Sarah I like
a Spencer out of the sexy six on top of that but that's the beauty is like
almost every like 95% of you all sing the fifth note on that like that's just
logical yes I think it's human I think we all yeah I think I think it's part of
I think we all can move to a beat no matter how melon deficient we may be I
think we can all sing to that give us a beat let's go everybody lay a beat on a
let's see if we can put this to music yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Spencer yeah
yeah Spencer yeah my name is mr. rap and I'm here to say I'd like to rap all day
and also all day when I rap all day I like to rap all day and then stay down
I'd like to rap till the beat expires then I'll defeat the rap itself and then
I'll put the rap up on a shelf it's predictable rhymes but these are
predictable times these times are predictable but what a fuck your mama
because her pussy is delectable yeah I want to eat it no I put it in a bowl
take a spoon and scoop it in my mouth gonna do it in the north and the east
in the south say what is pussy with my lips oh no yo I put it on a hundred
ships take it from Europe go to the US put it up to my mama's breast rub it on
the hundred cities New York to London town everybody's gonna fucking Penny
wise clown they all float down here motherfucker oh my name is
sucker Spencer Spencer my name is Spencer my name is Spencer let me tell
you a little story about me my name is professor Alexander P I live in the
bottom of a year and all go down yeah where are you now you know what
all right that's good that's good that's enough of that song that's all we
needed yeah yeah I mean yeah we know we're capable of generating hits yes
jacket goddamn I loved you in the the Apollo missions to the moon so you
noticed me huh good good good it's a cheap shot he took a cheap shot at you
just in a wrap it didn't let the two talented people sing they did great my
mom's the kind of person she goes out with a regular coat comes back says look
what I found at the shop like I just will come in with like a full like this
and I'll go where did you bite oh I you know I can't remember but it was just
like this great coat it's calling to me and I'm like so now she has coats like
this and like what's the other you have a like a geometric dress that has like
corners in it you just come back with the craziest clothes but you know what
she said to me in the queue waiting to come in oh now that would have been so
cool no mom you look just like a jacket potato or wrapped up in foil don't make
me sell me how do you know what I was saying was she was kind of wrapping
herself up and I was like I did I look like a little big she looks like a
hot potato all right come on do it do it and I'll set them up better I don't
like this critique that I think I'd wrapped it wrong and they didn't get a
chance to let me do the rap that frames them so you can play one of your like
one of your own songs on top of a beat or you have to be specific to that she
has to do cold day like water my name has to yeah she has like you guys will be
the Rihanna hook of my rap which will be purely to set you guys up okay my
rap will be fucking and I'm gonna take like I it's uncharacteristic of me
I'm gonna spit less fire than I usually would so that it frames you guys thank
you I'm gonna lay in a relatively unremarkable rap framework around you
guys as a scaffolding thank you you're welcome you know yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah my name is mr. rappy rap I like to be in your lap I like to lay my head
down on both of your thighs I like to put my ears up to the skies there are two
skies and two clouds yo the rap's too loud I'm gonna turn it down and let the
people take over fuck your mama roller over in the clover
break it down well my name is mr. pants I like to sing and dance I went to your
house and I shrunk down to the size of a mouse I looked through your underwear
drawer I saw your privacy and more I look through your postcards saw your dad
or the dead you used to have excuse me
yeah yeah
no they're like what I don't make me like I was before
call that like rain drops rain drops rain drops rain drops yeah excuse me knock
knock on the door I'm a lawyer and I'm looking for a is there a mr. pants here
Spencer I'm here to deliver you a subpoena I heard that you called my
mama and you took out your wiener I want to find out if you're bad I want to
take you to court make your face up with my dad you have to go down also I
don't want to get too wise but now you're gonna have to harmonize Mr. Pants
that was better than I expected I guess the mr. pants is representation
and I'm telling you I can't afford it yeah thank you all right that is amazing
you see I don't improvise I don't improvise very well no I didn't get a great
job I think we're trying to coach mama into the spotlight and she was like no
PhD and the whole time she's whispering in my ear sing this night you see I've
got I've got to that that time in my life where I step back let the young ones
shine yeah you shine but you're probably our age
hmm be careful I'm older yeah yeah what kind of medicine again
I'm a pediatrician I'm also an adolescent physician so I see kids from
like birth to like 23 nice yeah so in other words it's the kind of medicine
that's cowardly and won't come into this rap hit it
cuz you don't give a shit she don't give a shit come into this rap cuz she
how dare you lady with your space jacket I don't think that you're singing
can even hack it you I don't believe that you can
sing it I'm gonna do it instead it's another thing
I was going to say I was going to say that I'm gonna give up whether you want to or not you gotta gotta talk back cuz I don't know how to rap
but you can sing so that's another thing and here I'm gonna put out my dingle thing and here here it is one two three four and then go into four I don't know I mean I mean like what does it take to get you to sing
my love and my love is like a song
my love is like a song
what's a good thing
then that's God she'll get well then that's not she'll lose so the Bible says and it's still is new your mama may have and your papa may have but God bless the child that's got his own
that's got his own
all right we coached her now mama why don't you take us seven years to perfect Harmontown
no no no amount of no amount of academia can can can bury the musician in you thank you thank you well can I can I just say it's a shame I mean like an enormous shame that this is ending I'm so
hoping that you do lots of other things because when we first really got to know about you down it was with community actually my kids came and said you've gotta come and watch this mom because it's so meta it's got all
these different levels of psychic thinking and and this man is insanely brilliant and it's layers upon layers and it's the most intelligent thing and they were right and then and then we watch these crazy episodes and then you did one with stop motion and then you did one with different timelines and you just go whose brain is this
and then you did the one with the markets zero and no but but but but I but I think but I but I think I think zero Emmys has more about them than you because right right
you want to talk about meta he did a season where he wasn't even on the show can I just say I didn't watch it to this day I still haven't watched it and protest I was I was so angry but it but then you knew we knew that
I mean it tanked that season and my girls out of and out of protest they really did they refused to watch it and so I think I think that I think that it's it's if people like you exist and the way that you write exists you've got to be out there doing a lot more
yeah you got it I would say you might not be familiar with his morning workouts I am I am you are I am now it's getting freaky well my daughters my daughters follow him so so I know quite a bit about about what else is going on but yeah no he
needs to be doing more he really does can I can we expatriate you to to the states and you just keep you here in California do you know we were thinking of getting a place here that's true yeah yeah is it hard to to emigrate
it's hard for me because of course I've got all my patients back in the UK generally yes I think so you'll find out as long as you have a shithole country before we move forward can I just say Jeff I didn't know that on my bucket list was hearing you sing with my mom
haha like anyway this is that I'm gonna wake up my favorite moments of my life I've been singing with strangers or people I've just met like I love to sing along more than anything
so nice anyway you got a great voice oh thank you very much I'm I'm know you that's for sure oh no no no no no no no thank you thank you but no
Dan you sounded good too you sure I did thanks guys you sure I did my hero thank you summer time and the living is easy
they see that will be easy to harmonize to yeah I whatever that's right I don't I don't yeah you know the melody to that right I don't melody to that
no no you know the song I know I don't know summer time and the living is easy just just sing that lightly and let one of our both of them like just sing along with you
summer time and the living is easy wait what are you making me do I don't know what you're making me do
Jeff this plan is really falling apart Jeff
no I was I was supposed to work where your key was I don't know what I was going to do you pick a tough key you pick a tough key you were doing well
Spencer Spencer Spencer and that's something we all enjoy ice cream ice cream oh man what a nice time huh so let's make a record
that would be awesome do it let's do that we leave on Saturday so
we got some booth time we got some time Dan you know Dan you know Kanye let's let's let's fucking polish it together no no no no no no no
he's at Sunday school no no no no no no no no no no no no he's the first Republican I've ever loved
whoa no no not it chief no you feel let down by him yes like yes yes it's usually a British perspective on Kanye
painful and what the British perspective on Kanye is basically well I mean the British black perspective on Kanye
is basically the black perspective on Kanye like we loved you during Katrina
we we we kind of feel that he's flown the coupe a bit and we're like what's going on how could you not when you get the power to build your own geodesic domes
yeah he's just like what do I do to rebel against myself yeah no but obviously he's become a Ralph Bakshi cartoon
but from the story of everyone I know now I like meet these icons and I'm like god damn it can we all fuck on you yeah oh yeah I'm at Kanye
they're good friends you know I thought that was like a known thing he came to the Rick and Morty office he was fucking cool man
is he gonna be on the show they made an episode together is that a secret I talked to him for like two and a half hours
I found him to be truly like I didn't he steal Rob's hoodie he threw Rob's hoodie in the garbage we didn't talk about this
like Kanye came in because it Kanye has like this thing he's like the most I told that none of you will believe it
Kanye had this hoodie and he's like the hoodies the most important article of clothing in the history of America or whatever
and to his point he's like he's saying like because it's like poor people can buy a hoodie rich people want a hoodie whatever that was his thing
and then he was like he they had this big thick hoodie on and then he kept he's like pointing he's pointing at Schrab and he's like
like that hoodie what's the deal and Schrab at this fucking shitty like sweatshirt that he and Kanye put it on and was like
see what the fuck is this no I didn't put it out he didn't put it on right away and he looked at the tag and he was like
H.N.M. and he was like Boop Wildered by it's like H.N.M. and then we lost track of it for a while and an hour later
we're like where's Schrab's hoodie it was in the garbage Kanye West threw Rob's hoodie in the fucking garbage
like it was a dirty Kleenex he found on the coffee table and it wasn't a bit like like I'll be the first guy to tell you like
Kanye West has a he's an intelligent guy with a huge like like he's capable of having a sense of humor about himself
we talked a bunch about how it would be funny you could change my mind about him because the only reason I don't feel heavy about
Kanye is because I haven't talked to Kanye about what the hell's going on and I never will because I'm a pleb
he's super charismatic and like there's absolutely nobody that's gonna like everything you've seen about him is curated through
and if you wear the wrong hoodie that's in the fucking trash can but that was crazy recycle bin which was like
Rob's hoodie was in the trash can and we were all like Rob's hoodies in the trash can and Kanye was like
he didn't he didn't own it like it was like it was like did he have somebody else around or he actually said this
this isn't even clothing to me so this belongs to Rob's hoodie in the garbage can he didn't even care that you saw it
because no one saw it until it was already in the garbage can he wore it for a while because he like wore it for a while
and he was like well he actually tried his on to prove a point yeah he was wearing Schrabs hoodie for a while and he was like
man I look built in this like because Schrabs hoodie was smaller but then it disappeared after a while and it was just gone
and then we were like where's Schrabs hoodie it's in the garbage and they were like Kanye did you throw Rob's hoodie in the garbage
Kanye was, did you throw Rob's hoodie in the garbage?
and he wouldn't he would like if he had done it as a joke he would have been like ha ha he was like huh
and that's when I knew like that guy is fucking play on top of the world or he was like he actually
when he was realizing that moment he's like yeah it probably did
but actually I shouldn't have
when you mind him being on the phone while you asked him that was he ordering Schrab and new Kanye hoodie?
no we were in a room together
like I'm saying the wastebasket was next to him and he was like on his phone and he was like huh
but there was no contrition no acknowledgement of the crime
he was like he was he kind of like we were like Kanye did you throw Rob's Schrabs hoodie in the garbage can
with all of the garbage and he was like including all his entourage like he had these cool dudes with him
like I will also say that like Kanye's got like fucking cool dudes around him like
how cool
fucking two two cool two really cool dudes who like have been hanging out with him forever like super cool dudes
like and then like one dude one dude who scared the shit out of me
that's the security
like a fuck yeah like this crazy white dude in fucking Kev like like like fucking paramilitary gear
who like I didn't notice until I went to the bathroom outside the writer's room and then I was like huh
okay and the guy was like huh
his job was he had one job just to make sure
I'm gonna say he has two jobs one is when Kanye hands off a hoodie his job is to dispose of the hoodie
that guy had nothing to do with any of the chat like that guy's job was to fucking like as soon as he
he checked the perimeter of the writer's room like his head ducked in and he was like looking around
he's like what what's going on what's this room that Kanye's going into
and then he fucking stood post outside the writer's room and he was out there
I went to pee and I made the huge mistake of like I was like I came back from peeing
and I was like I made some joke or something like thanks for letting me pee
like nothing stupid and he just steered through me like a terminator
and I was like holy shit he will kill me like if I make the slightest wrong move
his job is to keep anyone from getting in this room and killing Kanye
his boss is a motherfucking monster
no he's not a monster don't don't I won't let it
I've defended Kanye from the fucking moment
no it's a lyric from a song then don't don't don't get offended
can I
he's not a monster he's not a monster
can I can I poke holes in his logic if his idea is that oh hoodies that for everybody
and that even the people who can't afford very good hoodies can wear hoodies
why did he throw rubs in the trash
I don't think he knew he threw rubs in the trash
oh it was just like a reflex
he was cleaning up
I truly think that consciously in his mind he thought he was throwing it in the diaper
can I extend Kanye some meaningless benefits of meaningless doubts
he tried on Rob Schrab's hoodie
it was a little too small for him
he felt a little flexed up and he goes you know what
I didn't take a shower today or I put on too much cologne today
I can't give this back to him
he's gonna like
I spilled some chili on it
he liked it
and he fucking loved Schrab
like Kanye was fixated on Schrab
like he loved Schrab
okay so he has good taste
and then he left
and I won't let anybody talk shit
wasn't there a dissertation on why one hoodie was better than the other
like he laid them out on the table
Elon and I won't let people talk shit about him either
and Kanye won't let people talk shit about Elon
and probably won't talk shit about Elon
but because Kanye was like
his favorite movie is The Aviator
and I'm like me too, me too
show me all the blueprints
let's all look at all the blueprints
don't you have security cameras at the Rick and Morty writers room
I want to know exactly what happened to Rob's hoodie
he threw in the fucking garbage
what are we telling you
like Kanye would be here
and he'd go yeah I threw Rob's hoodie in the garbage
because it was
because he didn't want it anymore
for a second he was like this is garbage
that was his whole point
what a privilege to be able to just work on your impulses
he's married to Kim Kardashian
he's got all the privileges
he's got Kanye West privileges
and to his point the U.S. press
has been totally
they never said
hey, Kanye is a fucking billionaire
they'll celebrate a Kardashian
before him
you know
I get his fucking
whatever
I got the shtick while it was a shtick that some people didn't like
I think this bent towards
republicanism is a bit weird
because he was like
George Bush doesn't care about black people
we like that guy
Trump is crazy for black people
Trump loves his black people
truly I don't even come from a position
of like I've kind of almost gone to the point where I just
don't pay attention to what he does
because I'm confused
you don't want to put your eggs in that basket
and you shouldn't
I've got a friend who knows that he's like
kooky and does his weird stuff
and he's like the new record's really good
and he goes I listen to it 10 times a day
so that makes it 12 platinum albums
like how many fucking platinum albums
does a guy have to do
before you go like whatever you say is fucking
I can't do whatever you say
no matter how many platinum albums you go up my dude
but if he was white
if he was white
there are white people
that have done really great things
who have done stuff that I don't agree with
that I still don't kind of support
platinum albums
well
Umni if you're going to make it in this music industry
you're going to have to drop some of that fucking integrity
cliffhanger
thank you all
can we please give it up
for maybe my favorite guest of all time
Sarah
and Umnia
Umnia
Safetravels back across the pond
Rob Schrab, everybody
Umnia's podcast is Nerd. You
you can check that out, you can find it on YouTube
I'm sure it's going to be quite easy
Lets give it up for Spencer Quintenden
Zack McKeever on the music
Sean, the photos, Nolan on the everythings,
everybody here at the Dynasty typewriter.
I'm your mayor, no I'm not.
I'm your fucking com-troller.
Maybe one day I will be.
Only 17 more shows to go.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Let's give it up for your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
["Give a One Metta One Heart"]
One more time for Sarah and Numnia, or the treat.
Thank y'all.
Zach, throw some beats on.
Drive fast and take chances, y'all.
["Give a One Metta One Heart"]
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.